[NARRATOR] The International
Gourmet Organization
put on a no-holds-barred race:
The World Martial
Eats Tournament.
Seeking the grand prize,
a taste of the legendary
Carat Sizzled Cattle,
pirate and gourmet alike eagerly
assembled at the starting line,
only to find themselves
dropping out of the race
and into a giant ant-lion pit.
The field was quickly
narrowed down
to Toriko, Luffy, and Goku,
who carried on relentlessly
toward the finish line,
despite dangerous beasts
and treacherous terrain.
[ANNOUNCER]
Unbelievable!
Contestants Goku,
Toriko, and Luffy
all reach the goal
at the same time!
Well, if they can't settle
it with a footrace,
I guess we're just gonna have
to make it a fistfight instead!
Unreal, folks!
What a slobberknocker,
and it looks like Mister Satan
wants in on the action, too!
[NARRATOR] Toriko, Luffy,
and Goku struggled to gain
the upper hand in an intense
battle for the prize.
Five-fold Spiked Punch!
Gatling!
[GOKU]
...ha!
[NARRATOR]
But when the dust settled...
[ANNOUNCER]
Uh! The winner is Mister Satan!
[laughing]
Hey, when you're
as tough as I am,
you can win a fight without even
havin' to throw a punch!
[laughing]
[groans]
Huh? But the meat.
How the heck's that even fair?
[NARRATOR] At that moment,
unbeknownst to them,
a mysterious beast was
closing in from the depths.
[GOKU, LUFFY, TORIKO] "History's
Strongest Collaboration
vs Glutton of the Sea!"
[TRUNKS]
Check it out, Goten.
The view here is awesome!
[GOTEN]
I know, right?
[CHOPPER] This has gotta be
the best view I've had
out of anywhere I've ever eaten!
[RIN]
Same! It's totally impressive.
[KRILLIN]
What's taking so long?
I'm seriously
starving over here.
[SUNNY] I'm absolutely craving
some Carat Sizzled Cattle!
[NAMI] It's the stuff
of legends, y'know.
The tastiest meat
in the whole world!
[SETSUNO] All right! Dinner
is ready, ladies and gents!
[KOMATSU] Thanks for your
patience, everybody!
It's meat!
Food!
So this is the legendary
Carat Sizzled Cattle steak.
I can almost taste it
through my eyeballs.
It's a real special
kind of meat,
so you best take your time
and savor it properly.
But there's plenty
to go around,
so you can have as many
helpings as you want!
That looks great!
Hey, slow down!
First you gotta put
your hands together
and demonstrate your gratitude.
Oh, yeah, right.
I give humble thanks for the
vast bounty this world provides.
Okay, now let's eat!
[ALL]
Let's eat!
[squeals] It's so good!
The first bite was
exploding with flavor!
You put the meat in your mouth
and the juice hits ya
like a tidal wave!
Man, I can eat this
Carat Sizzled Cattle
right off the bone!
Uh, excuse me!
Can I get some more?
Wow, I had no idea meat
could even taste like this!
Sure, the meat is nice,
but these bones are said to
be thousands of carats each!
Ha! Tasty!
Looks great,
but even the best steak
isn't super enough for me.
I'll just stick with my Cola.
You're your own kinda
super, huh, pink guy?
What's the matter?
Aren't you gonna try the meat?
Want some cotton
candy? I'll share!
Oh, how sweet of you.
When I think about the
fact that we live in a world
with such delicious meat to eat,
I can't help getting teary eyed!
Until I remember I don't have
any eyes or tear ducts.
[BROOK laughs]
[USOPP] Boy, this stuff
is almost too good!
[SUNNY] Carat Sizzled Cattle
is absolutely gorgeous!
[ROSHI]
Darn tootin'!
Lucky for me I lived
long enough to try it.
[BULMA]
If you wanna keep living,
you'll eat off your own plate.
[KOMATSU]
Come to think of it,
does anybody know
where Zoro went?
[SANJI] Probably lost
somewhere. It's fine.
No joke, this is some
really tasty meat.
Yeah, Carat Sizzled Cattle
is somethin' really special,
but more than that, we've got
somethin' really special
that enhances the
flavor of the meat.
Do you see it?
[TORIKO] The greatest
spice is friendship.
The finest meal
tastes even better
when you're eating it together.
[laughs]
Pay attention!
I'm imparting wisdom here!
Do what now?
I think he said how
the meat's really good.
Thanks for sharing your
prize, Mister Satan.
Everybody's really enjoying it.
Well, they all fought
their hearts out,
and I figured that deserved
some recognition.
[SATAN laughs]
But here's the secret.
Friendship is the special sauce
on the Carat Sizzled
Cattle steak,
'cause the finest meal is better
when you've got some good
friends to eat it with, yeah.
So the secret is exactly
what Toriko just said.
[ALL chattering]
[ROBIN] Now, Mansam,
what exactly are you plotting?
[MANSAM chuckles]
What were you trying to achieve
by holding this tournament?
You have several powerful
people gathered here,
and I'm guessing that
was the IGO's real goal.
Am I wrong?
There must be some kind of plan.
Sounds like you guys
figured me out in a hurry.
No use denying it.
The IGO put this whole
shindig together
as a way to draw out an Akamee.
An Akamee?
You're fishing for monsters
with us as bait?
[splashing]
[ALL gasp]
[RIN]
Where'd that come from?
[ALL gasp]
[BULMA] Seems like a pretty
extravagant fountain.
[ALL gasp]
[GOKU]
Oh, wow. A fish.
Whoa, back up! That's one
freaky lookin' fish!
The legendary glutton of
the deep. It's an Akamee.
No way. That party
balloon is an Akamee?
Ak-who-wha?
[TORIKO]
An Akamee.
A little fish with an appetite
bigger than the ocean.
It instinctively tries to gobble
up everything it sees.
You say that like
it's dangerous,
but it doesn't look
that way at all.
This little guy's nothin'
to be afraid of.
You let me handle this, folks.
Hey! C'mere, little fella.
That's a nice fish-balloon.
[roars]
[BOTH scream]
Watch out!
Gohan, run!
[LUFFY]
Usopp! Are you okay?
Ah! Why did it just get
five times bigger?
The Akamee can make
its body grow rapidly
by devouring the life
energy of other creatures.
Bastard fish!
Flying Knife!
[GOKU]
Gohan!
You okay?
I'm fine, but for some reason
I can't draw out
any of my power.
That would be the Akamee's
toxin going into effect.
Toxin? So is there an
antidote or something?
If you catch the Akamee
and bring it back,
I can cook you up an antitoxin.
That's only if you get
the primary ingredients
inside the next half- hour.
Okay, you got it!
So we just have to go
beat up the floating fish?
You got room for one more?
Toriko.
That hungry little guy
is goin' on the menu!
She said we only had
half an hour to do it.
All right!
So you gathered these
legendary fighters
in one place for a stupid fish?
[MANSAM chuckles]
[PICCOLO grunts]
Hey, we're going, too!
Yeah!
If we don't deal with
this Akamee here,
it will eventually wolf
down every living creature
on the face of the planet,
but now that those guys
are on it, it'll be fine!
Right...
[SANJI]
So find it?
[SUNNY]
It's not over here.
[SANJI]
Why'd the stupid thing
have to hide in the
forest anyway?
It's a damn fish!
Right. I'm going to
search over this way.
You can look in that
direction. Good?
Pound sand, cotton candy hair!
What did you call me?
Did you honestly think
I was just gonna take orders
from you, you freak?
Really, now. Calling me a freak
with those eyebrows?
[roaring]
Close one.
[SANJI] Okay. Saves us
havin' to look, at least.
I'm putting this thing
down right here,
so stay outta my way!
Don't you tell me what to do!
[SANJI]
Diable Jambe!
Go, Hair Net!
Hey, it's you.
Stop your bickering.
Let's go, you two!
[roars]
[ALL yelling]
[roaring]
[SUNNY]
Spatula!
[SANJI]
Sky Walk!
Poele a Frire Spectre!
[PICCOLO yells]
We got him.
[yells]
[GOKU]
Could that weird balloon-fish
know how to hide its energy?
Man, I hope not.
[BROOK] Ahh, these waterfalls
move something in your heart
the moment you lay
eyes on 'em, huh?
I'm asking 'cause I don't
have eyes or a heart.
[BROOK laughs]
[BROOK]
Nothing, really?
The others went looking
for it in the forest,
so we should search
the waterfront.
I agree. That way, we can
know if we're goi-- Ah!
Hoo, boy, must've tripped
over my own tarsals, huh?
[BROOK screaming]
--[AKAMEE roaring]
--[BROOK screaming]
It wasn't that creepy
looking before, was it?
And why's it got wings
all of a sudden?
[COCO]
Poison Sword!
[yells]
[BROOK]
Yo-hoo!
Poison Cannon!
Oh, fudge.
[TRUNKS]
Goten!
Let's go!
[TRUNKS, GOTEN]
Fusion... Ha!
Super Gotenks is ready
for a fight!
Say your prayers.
You ruined a perfectly
good steak spread.
Now I'm feelin' like a fish fry!
[FRANKY]
Hold on a second!
I'm gonna be the one to take
out this overgrown guppy!
Whoa. What the heck
is that robot?
[FRANKY]
Iron Pirate General Franky!
I already know you slap your
opponents with those tentacles
and use 'em to sap
away their energy!
It's a neat trick,
I'll give ya that.
But it'll do you no good against
the invincible General Franky!
Whoa.
[FRANKY]
No time to waste.
Gotta land the last shot
while you're reelin'!
Franky...
[laughs]
[FRANKY]
...Radical...
Stay in the robot, ya idiot!
It's fine, 'cause I've
got everything I need
to fry this fish!
Take a look at my
ghost buddies here.
They pack a pretty mean punch.
Now have a taste of my
Super Ghost Kamikaze Attack!
[GOTENKS GHOSTS yell]
The end. Heh-heh.
--[AKAMEE roars]
--[GOTENKS screams]
Is that all you got?
Huh?
[LUFFY panting]
[LUFFY]
Where'd you go, ya dumb fish?
[TORIKO]
I'm picking up its scent.
It's close.
Huh?
Damn, guys, did we
really beef it that bad?
Oh, dear. Do you think
they're all right?
Well, I wasn't expecting
it to evolve that far.
The thing's quick.
[yells]
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum Jet Pistol!
Huh? Luffy? Thanks, bro!
[LUFFY]
No prob.
[LUFFY, TORIKO gasp]
Goku!
It looks like I made it here
in time to help stop this thing.
Is that still the Akamee
or whatever?
'Cause it looks way different.
[LUFFY]
Huh? Ya think so?
[TORIKO] It's evolved into its
final form. A Big Toona.
They say it's a hundred
times more powerful
than a Medium Toona,
and its flavor is a
hundred times stronger.
I've heard that it tastes
like all the best parts
of every creature in the sea.
That sounds great. Let's eat!
Hang on, guys, I got this!
But don't worry.
I'll leave enough for you
both to have a bite!
[TORIKO]
Fork! Knife!
Five-fold Spiked Punch!
Gum-Gum... Bullet! Stamp! Bell!
[yelling]
[GOKU]
Kamehame... ha!
[TORIKO] Thirty-six-fold...
Twin Spiked Punch!
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum... Elephant Gun!
[yelling]
[GOKU] Wow, Luffy.
That last move was nuts!
[LUFFY laughs]
Let's stick a fork
in this big fish.
Nice!
[GOKU, TORIKO chuckle]
[GOKU] How far did we send
that thing flying anyway?
[TORIKO] Uh, looks like
it must have landed
somewhere in this canyon.
[LUFFY]
Man, that's a lotta canyon.
Yeah, sure is.
Let's keep going.
The sooner we can find-- Uh.
You, uh, you okay?
[LUFFY, GOKU yell]
[TORIKO]
Could it be?
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
That hurts!
[yells]
Toriko! Are you okay?
I've lived through a lot worse.
What the heck is
that thing's deal?
[TORIKO] Looks like it
soaked up all our attacks
and evolved even further.
So on top of sucking the
energy out of its enemies,
it can convert whatever damage
it takes into more energy.
If we don't stop it,
it's gonna keep growing
till it's gobbled up every
living creature on the planet.
[LUFFY]
So what do we do now?
I think our best strategy here
is to hit it with a
simultaneous attack
and flash fry it with more
energy than its body can handle.
Goku.
Sorry, but I'll need you
guys to do me a favor.
[BOTH yelling]
[GOKU] I think my Spirit Bomb
would be perfect for your plan.
[LUFFY]
Spirit Bomb?
[GOKU]
It's a technique where I gather
a little bit of life force
from every living being
on the planet,
from the land, the sea,
and the sky,
and then I turn it into one
great big energy bomb.
[LUFFY] Big enough to
cook this giant fish?
[GOKU]
Probably.
But it's gonna take
me a little while
to build up all that energy.
So I'll need the two of you
to buy me some time.
[LUFFY]
Yeah, sure thing.
[TORIKO]
Order up!
Just a bit more.
Goku. Is it ready?
What is this?
Something's not right.
Why can't I store up
any more energy?
[TORIKO]
Huh? No way!
The Spirit Bomb stopped growin'
'cause the Akamee's eating it!
Ah, damn it!
Hey, everybody! I need you
to lend me your energy!
That sounds like Dad's voice!
Put your hands in
the air, everybody!
That's right, let's all
send Goku our energy!
We got plenty of power
gathered up here!
This Spirit Bomb
is gonna be huge.
Crazy huge!
Heck yeah!
[GOKU]
All right, that's it.
Here it comes, here it
comes, here it comes...!
Now chew on this!
What?
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum...
[TORIKO]
Thirty-six-fold...
...Elephant Gatling!
...Twin Spiked Punch!
[GOKU]
Kamehame...
[yelling]
[GOKU]
...ha!
Man, I can't move a muscle.
Yeah, same here.
I'm totally fried.
[chuckles] Right?
Plus, I am starvin'.
Yeah. Me, too.
Me three. Let's eat, guys!
Once we can move again.
Yeah, sounds good!
A huge feast!
[ALL laughing]
[GOKU groans]
[TORIKO] I give humble
thanks for the vast bounty
this world provides.
[ALL]
Now let's eat!
[TORIKO]
These juices are incredible!
The meat seems to melt the
moment it touches your tongue!
Big Toona is somethin'
else, amirite?!
[LUFFY]
It's so yummy!
[SANJI]
This is Big Toona carpaccio.
I boiled down the bones from
the Carat Sizzled Cattle
for the sauce.
[NAMI] You turned my thousands
of carats into sauce?
[USOPP] And eating it is
giving back all the energy
it took from us!
[CHOPPER]
Yum! This is the best!
[ROSHI] And the rump roast
ain't too bad, either!
[TINA screams]
[FRANKY] Whoa! What's
with this Mellow Cola?
It's super!
[SETSUNO] That pompadour's
pretty darn handsome!
[SUNNY] Honestly,
it's frustratingly beautiful!
[GOKU] Toriko! This fish is
so tasty it's ridiculous!
[TORIKO]
Sure, it goes without saying
that the Big Toona is delicious.
But there's more to it than that
because the greatest spice is--
[SATAN] 'Cause the greatest
spice is friendship!
[KOMATSU]
Again, pretty sure Toriko
was just about to get there.
[MANSAM]
Well, in any case,
guess that closes
the tab on the Akamee.
[LUFFY]
Hey, can we cook some more?
[TORIKO] I'd definitely
go for seconds!
[GOKU]
Yeah, same here!
[KOMATSU]
Coming right up!
[LUFFY] Hang on. Did we figure
out where Zoro went?
[TORIKO] Yeah, and Zebra
never showed up, either.
[GOKU] Hey, Bulma,
wasn't Vegeta with you?
[BULMA]
Huh? I can't remember.
[yells]
[roars]
[KOMATSU]
Wait.
Are those three still off
beating each other up?
♪ Closing Song
[NARRATOR]
Without warning,
the children begin crying
and collapsing in pain.
Chopper soon realizes the
cause of their suffering,
to the shock and horror
of his fellow Straw Hats.
Meanwhile, as Zoro
and the others
search for the missing samurai,
two giant shadowy
figures approach.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Chopper's Fury! The Master's
Inhumane Experiment!"
I'm gonna be King
of the Pirates!